Margalo liked it so well at the Littles' house she decided to stay for a while instead of returning to the open country. She andStuart became fast friends, and as the days passed it seemed to Stuart that she grew more andmore beautiful. He hoped she would never go away from him. One day when Stuart had recovered from bronchitis he took his new skates and put on hisski pants and went out to look for an ice pond. He didn't get far. The minute he stepped out intothe street he saw an Irish terrier, so he had to shinny up an iron gate and jump into a garbage can, where he hid in a grove of celery. While he was there, waiting for the dog to go away, a garbage truck from the Department ofSanitation drove up to the curb and two men picked up the can. Stuart felt himself being hoistedhigh in the air. He peered over the side and saw that in another instant he and everything in thecan would be dumped into the big truck."If I jump now I'll kill myself," thought Stuart. So he ducked back into the can and waited. The men threw the can with a loud bump into the truck, where another man grabbed it, turned it upside down, and shook everything out. Stuart landed on his head, buried two feet deepin wet slippery garbage. All around him was garbage, smelling strong. Under him, over him, onall four sides of him--garbage. Just an enormous world of garbage and trash and smell. It was amessy spot to be in. He had egg on his trousers, butter on his cap, gravy on his shirt, orange pulpin his ear, and banana peel wrapped around his waist. Still hanging on to his skates, Stuart tried to make his way up to the surface of the garbage, but the footing was bad. He climbed a pile of coffee grounds, but near the top the grounds gaveway under him and he slid down and landed in a pool of leftover rice pudding. "I bet I'm going to be sick at my stomach before I get out of this," said Stuart. He was anxious to work his way up to the top of the pile because he was afraid of beingsquashed by the next can-load of garbage. When at last he did succeed in getting to the surface, tired and smelly, he observed that the truck was not making any more collections but wasrumbling rapidly along. Stuart glanced up at the sun. "We're going east," he said to himself. "I wonder what that means."